simply that of an allied car
for the son
I want it here no more copy in no I
I not figured out back also not missed
I hit or law playing wonderful day
Jorge
to finalize one more than the six
deletions will publish we are playing
more more here from mec funk milan
looks like party play3 launch and
50 reais and play 4 from $ 80
links will be in the description of a grandpa
using always use you
says that she will discover how one more
Sometimes you guys have a good face in mine.
Left here, my God. Face me.
Fuck you, you're not here.
What a beautiful game of poker today is
who raised me in the lighthouse because I want
try a teacher, here comes that
that contour the canary wants
perfect my skill here
skill and look with admiration that it is
single sniper I can not play
not good
usually a game well games thanks
now but how is a thousand years ac milan
in the game
Wow, I think he's going to keep walking.
saw me and took me out
I can not play well with this
Fuck I do not know why we tightened up
fast
I think I had the traffic and I want it.
much to see in the issue if I really
This guy sends me, I already had the
face 21 passes went there to expect
Time to take the picture, you too.
I'm not very good with her because she
is different from the team that was accustomed to
from the perfect start that I found until
which she thinks is so fast that she does not
One and a half so fast.
I do not even think it sucks.
I do not like the wall and it recovers
walking and wonder will have a face of
to stay without seeing who stayed there is how
we only have a word you do not have
the business did not work even is he
It saved me hematoma that dog
wants to have the support of the six
eliminations followed the roley guy I'm
walking well then walking fine I already
I replied to the shoppers but I
I really want to focus here today
because I want to try to make beautiful with
this weapon or drug
The important thing is to get you to get a
good positioning a positioning was
because it does not ask for a
especially when you happen this
You go wrong and die every second.
How do they reduce in a row?
look a little because he looks nice
scoundrel but here will also stay here
what am I going to do
tried to apply
has a mission accomplished beauty but this one
card reflecting on enem is expensive
and this reflection that I want this reflex
I wanted to learn to understand that people
do not stay in the background too, I do
I kill him, he 's a guy who 's almost
Almost worth it for the worth it I'll be the
in those areas of account that
It 's impossible, I shot the pillar.
of popular is a
My god, two guys singing slutty
huh
I'm not going to take drugs, two guys singing.
the only guy is so many people also use
plate nec
I like the title because I feel
bad when I fall face not coal
neither guy trains but I feel bad in
fast field because the same work that
stayed on the floor
No, it's not for sale.
Old dirty patton year courses
It's about the eldest son I 've said.
But I do not use it 's on so do not
Xinguem in my dna is a guy in the background
there are two faces in the background is like the bush
that is so one more I do not think
I had touched the things I
point of this area is that it has
vague as hell how many people it kills
everybody here we come here we kill people
is liking market
a neighbor that is not a formal one
reason for the fast because I'm trying to
concentrated to take in the human cu
fall guy wants to know will take on course
also that you feel tempted have your
Son of a bitch robot robot in robbery in
another person does not have both worked with
You take a shot, it's going to kill, it's not going.
Vote brigade taking the dream but I
I want to improve even here in the custom with
she changed again and now that too
did not fall
I do not understand you and Junai peru
I am not a Catholic one was applied in
front and back stop retreat
shame and recalls that also will
having a school is sure to try
kill who gave a light touch on the
back to us as I said here in
some place for him and Ricardo too
who stays in the clear river coop bank that goes
staying in the background is emma is complicated
but it is difficult to overthrow the 12
do not want two were with him and
two to kill 4 now
sea ​​water this deserves everything is mom
I want to see a gun and rodrigo
has 50 and other styles too me
I closed the Chevette was retroactive mano
a horrible thing to see faces
simply that of an allied car
Faithful clear river here do not choose
but no, I'm not back wrong
also not the fan to play day
wonderful jorge bittar finalize more
matthew six eliminations per is expensive
We've been playing more but here since
mec was who milan kaka is so I
I like what I used to be accustomed to
play well with this gun I do not give myself
well with her but I see you handle
tomorrow - and will also focus on why
It's a super good gun fight.
so if I had a new car
Back to the knife, people are coming.
me the knife 28/3 that can win
another time we do not even if it is to
year
but I have a fondness here I did not kill
Someone here is enjoying the game with her.
We're playing the newspapers well if I played
two matches in 11 000 in the first
parcel to heat the second I am
recording here I do not have why so
Who do not know if I've won?
in the case of locking and because lately
has played a lot of drawing and I have not
I noticed the first hit happened.
following today since it is a custom
that not only that without it nor any sector with the
suppressor it so color only one hour more
I think I got stopped but no market.
I hope you liked the video, I'll
make several different videos of making
because I want to get used to
play sni and even more than half a kilo
leaves until it will still play more or
less then I kinda have her moms
that I get down to 2 and to me it's 2d
macmillan is like getting five
delegates for me I played really well you
You told me that you should talk to a
Shit, and you're right, but it's for me.
a 36% victory and accuracy is so good as
I'm a bad man, man.
the best that my 2 line in
But that's where training will
Even more
This is not going to be a series, this is going to be
only me playing quite sni and congeners
macmillan the police to improve
I fully expect mobility.
have enjoyed this video market
strategies and enjoyed if you are a snipper
would you have me put the tip
comments and alvin uses such suppressors
to such positioning looks like this
carving so do not scoop like that
Sliding is true I want your rich
because I need to be my teacher again
until you can search on youtube
wine up and surprise technician sees that the
I play this far I scratch took a hug
for the video was